# Changelog

### 0.4.4

- Fixed: The order of inherited class variables is non-deterministic

### 0.4.3

- Fixed: Occasional missing `## Function` header
- Fixed: Occasional missing `## Class Variables` header
- Fixed: Occasional incorrect constructor info

### 0.4.2

- Minor fixes

### 0.4.1

- Minor fixes

### 0.4.0

- Added `ClassInheritance` class which has much better support for class inheritance than the previous solution
- Removed `PyMdDoc.get_docs_with_inheritance()` (the aforementioned previous solution)
- Edited the tag for static functions from `_This is a static function_` to `_(Static)_`
- Added a `Value` column to the class variable tables

### 0.3.0

- Renamed `PyMdDoc.get_toc(doc)` to `PyMdDoc.get_doc_toc(doc)`
- Added `PyMdDoc.get_dir_toc(directory, import_prefix, link_prefix, class_name_overrides=None)`
- Updated API document (it was very out of date!)

### 0.2.7

- Added optional parameter `overwrite_child_functions` to `PyMdDoc.get_docs_with_inheritance()`.

### 0.2.6

- Moved this changelog to its own file.
- Added enum documentation support for other enum types besides `Enum`: `IntEnum`, `IntFlag`, and `Flag`.

### 0.2.5

- Added optional parameter `import_prefix` to `PyMdDoc.get_doc()` and `PyMdDoc.get_docs()`.

### 0.2.4

- Fixed: Various issues with functions not appearing correctly or not appearing at all with `get_docs_with_inheritance()`.
- Fixed: There is no `## Functions` header if there aren't also fields.

### 0.2.3

- Fixed: `get_docs_with_inheritance()` returns the abstract class document for a child class if there are any `@final` attribute headers.

### 0.2.2

- Added: `get_docs_with_inheritance()` Basic support for API documentation with class inheritance.

### 0.2.1

- Added a header to documents generated by `VarDoc`.

### 0.2.0

- Added: `VarDoc` Create documentation of variables.

### 0.1.10

- Don't italicize section descriptions.
- Automatically generate a table of contents it `[TOC]` is present in the document.

### 0.1.9

- Fixed: Crash when writing text if the text has non-ASCII characters.

### 0.1.8

- Fixed: Data from hidden classes (classes with names that begin with `_`) is included in the documentation, either within the main class documentation or above it without a header. Now, it's never included.

### 0.1.7

- Fixed: Class variable types are sometimes parsed incorrectly.

### 0.1.6

- Fixed: Category description formatting breaks if there are line breaks.

### 0.1.5

- Fixed: Class variables aren't included in documentation.

## 0.1.4

- Fixed: Can't find `:return` decorators (expecting only `:return:`).
- Fixed: Unhandled exception if there's more than one class in the file.
- Added: `social.jpg`

## 0.1.3

- Added: Special category `Ignore` to metadata. Functions in this category will be ignored.

## 0.1.2

- All functions that have parameters with default values now have two example code strings: a "short" example (parameters with default values aren't included) and a "long" example (all parameters with default values are explicitly assigned).
- Added default values to parameter table.
- Added: `parameter.py` to hold parameter information.
- Moved the documentation generation code for this module to `doc_gen.py` to avoid import path errors.

## 0.1.1

- Added support for class variables.
- Added much clearer code examples for function documentation.
- Added parameter types to the function parameter tables.
